doc: add adopters (#58)
kuasar-io/kuasar: ADOPTERS.md

# Adopters

> This document lists the organizations that use Kuasar on production or testing environment and projects that make Kuasar as their downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document lists the organizations that use Kuasar on production or testing environment and projects that adopts Kuasar as their upstream.
```
